[ENG-3949] feat(hubspot): Event Occurrences (#619)
amp-labs/docs: src/provider-guides/hubspot.mdx

The connector supports reading from:
- [meeting-links](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api-reference/latest/scheduler/meetings/get-meeting-links)

> #### Event Occurrences

Reviewer: Can you please add a couple of lines about what events do at the beginning? i.e. an event is captured during form submissions, mail delivery, sequence changes, etc. This will help builders understand the relevance of events to their use case. Especially since HubSpot has used interchanging functionality in the past for it.

The connector reads HubSpot event occurrences (the [Events API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api-reference/latest/events/retrieve-events/get-events)).
Connector exposes occurrences as separate *custom objects* whose names are constructed by combining a fixed *prefix* with the *event type* name.
* Naming rule: `AMPERSAND-event-occurrences-<EVENT_TYPE>`:
  * AMPERSAND-event-occurrences-e_call_ended
  * AMPERSAND-event-occurrences-e_form_submission
  * AMPERSAND-event-occurrences-e_mta_bounced_email_v2

>   * AMPERSAND-event-occurrences-e_visited_page

Reviewer: I would instruct builders to check the spelling if they receive errors when deploying it (there are two c and two rs in the spelling)

> Where to get the event type name: event type identifiers are returned by the Events API's [event types endpoint](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api-reference/latest/events/retrieve-events/get-event-types).

Reviewer: 1. I'd move this before the naming rule and probably run it by an LLM to tighten up the wording
2. Could you also mention that `e_` events are mostly standard, and `a_` may be custom, and that `e_` events are therefore generally safe to use across consumers?

Author: Addressed all the comments in this commit: https://github.com/amp-labs/docs/pull/619/changes/e823ed656b94d7800fff86fcff0a109da47604b0

I have not found evidence that `a_` signifies as custom object. However I did create the custom definition and sent some custom events.

The API behavriour summary:
1. Creating custom event definition.
```
POST /events/2026-03/event-definitions {
    "label": "This is my event",
    "includeDefaultProperties": true,
    "propertyDefinitions": []
}
```
2. Listing definitions.
```
GET /events/2026-03/event-definitions:
 "results": [
        {
            "labels": {
                "singular": "This is my event",
                "plural": "This is my event"
            },
            "name": "this_is_my_event",
            "id": "203766427",
            "fullyQualifiedName": "pe148543157_this_is_my_event",
         }
]
```
3. Push some events.
```
POST /events/2026-03/send {
  "eventName": "pe148543157_this_is_my_event",
  "objectId": "783099041997",
  "properties": {}
}
```
4. Query these custom events.

<img width="755" height="838" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7593c65f-3e75-480f-9777-03f0dd8462cc" />

> Where to get the event type name: event type identifiers are returned by the Events API's [event types endpoint](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api-reference/latest/events/retrieve-events/get-event-types).

Reviewer: Could we add a sample integration for a timeline usecase? i.e. capturing notes, calls, a few marketing events and campaigns?

Author: This is present in the samples `repo`: https://github.com/amp-labs/samples/blob/94a3cf7778aa4a39121813cb6eefad47a2b5b28e/hubspot/amp.yaml#L89

Samples repo is always referenced from the docs: https://github.com/amp-labs/docs/blob/cf92dc05a1dc83b98a705388d1fc4f19c8b634f3/src/provider-guides/hubspot.mdx?plain=1#L85

Do you want me to duplicate the definition
```
        - objectName: AMPERSAND-event-occurrences-e_form_view_v2
          mapToName: formViews
          mapToDisplayName: "Form Views"
          destination: defaultWebhook
          schedule: "*/10 * * * *"
          requiredFields:
            - fieldName: objectId
            - fieldName: objectType
          optionalFieldsAuto: all
```

The connector supports reading from:
- [meeting-links](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api-reference/latest/scheduler/meetings/get-meeting-links)

#### Event Occurrences

Event occurrences represent specific actions captured at a point in time, such as form submissions, email delivery,
sequence activity, and other **behavioral changes**. They are useful to understand when an event
happened and how that event may relate to automation or downstream workflows.

> To find the "event type" name, use the HubSpot Events API's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the event type you are interested in, use the HubSpot Events API's
```

[list event types endpoint](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api-reference/latest/events/retrieve-events/get-event-types)
and [list custom event definitions](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/api-reference/latest/events/define-events/create-event-definition).
Standard event type names begin with `e_`, while customer-specific custom event definitions use the `fullyQualifiedName` property with a `pe{HubId}_` prefix.
Standard events are safe to use across all customers,
while custom event definitions apply only to the specific customer account where they are defined.

> The HubSpot connector exposes event occurrences as **connector-defined objects**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HubSpot connector exposes event types as individual objects
```

> named using the prefix `AMPERSAND-event-occurrences-` followed by the "event type" name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that follow the convention `AMPERSAND-event-occurrences-<EVENT_TYPE>`.
```

<Note>

>   Note that **occurrences** is spelled with two c's and two r's, which is easy to miss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that **occurrences** is spelled with two c's and two r's.
```

</Note>

> Naming rule: `AMPERSAND-event-occurrences-<EVENT_TYPE>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are a few examples of the objects you would read for different event types -
```

> * AMPERSAND-event-occurrences-e_call_ended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AMPERSAND-event-occurrences-e_call_ended`
```

And the same for others

Author: Done
